-----------------------------
#####Branches
Branches are parallel instances of a repository that can be edited and version controlled in parallel. 
They are useful for pursuing various implementations experimentally or maintaining 
a stable core while developing separate sections of a code base.

_draw on the board the single branch that we have worked on so far, using dots and lines_

Without an argument, the branch command lists the branches that exist in your repository.

`git branch`

So far, we just have one branch named "master"

The master branch is created when the repository is initialized. 
With an argument, the branch command creates a new branch with the given name.

`git branch experimental`

`git branch`

_draw on the board the creation of this new, second branch_

To delete a branch, use the -d flag.

`git branch -d experimental`

`git branch`

When might working on a branch be helpful?

##### Git checkout: switching between branches and abandoning local changes

The `git checkout` command allows context switching between branches as well as abandoning local changes.

To switch between branches, try:

`git branch newbranch`

`git checkout newbranch`

`git branch`

Git shows us in green with a star which branch we are on.

Working in the branch could be a safe way to make some pretty radical changes 
to our code without changing waht we know works. 
We can later merge these changes to our master. 


#####Exercise : Create and Merge Branches

__Step 1 :__ Create a new branch and list all branches

`git branch branchname`

__Step 2 :__ Make changes in each new branch and commit them.

`git checkout branchname`

create a new txt file

`git add newfile`

`git commit newfile`

__Step 3 :__ Merge the two branches into the core

`git checkout master`

`git merge branchname -m "message"`

If you look at the files in master, the new files and changes from the new branch are in there.

