
__IF TIME__
### Forking

Exercise : Fork Our GitHub Repository

While you probably already have a copy of the SWC-bootcamp repository, GitHub doesn't know about it yet. 
You'll need to tell github you want to have an official fork of this repository.

Step 1 : Go to our repository () from your browser, and click on the Fork button. 
Choose to fork it to your username rather than any organizations.

Step 2 : Clone it. From your terminal :

`git clone https://github.com/YOU/boot-camps.git`

`cd boot-camps`

Step 3 :

`git remote add upstream https://github.com/USERNAME/boot-camps.git`

`git remote -v`

All repositories that are clones begin with a remote called origin.


#####git fetch : Fetching the contents of a remote

Now that you have alerted your repository to the presence of others, it is able to pull in updates from those repositories. 
In this case, if you want your master branch to track updates in the original SWC-bootcamp repository, 
you simply `git fetch` that repository into the master branch of your current repository.

The fetch command alone merely pulls down information recent changes from 
the original master (upstream) repository. 
By itself, the fetch command does not change your local working copy. 
To update your local working copy to include recent changes in 
the original (upstream) repository, it is necessary to also merge.


#####git merge : Merging the contents of a remote

To incorporate upstream changes from the original master repository 
(in this case USERNAME/boot-camps) into your local working copy, you must both fetch and merge. 
The process of merging may result in conflicts, so pay attention. 
This is where version control is both at its most powerful and its most complicated.


#####Exercise : Fetch and Merge the Contents of Our GitHub Repository

Step 1 : Fetch the recent remote repository history

`git fetch upstream`

Step 2 : Make certain you are in the YYYY-MM-PLACE branch and 
merge the upstream YYYY-MM-PLACE branch into your YYYY-MM-PLACE branch

`git checkout 2013-06-wise-beginners`

`git branch` will show you what branch you are on, to confirm

`git merge upstream\2013-06-wise-beginners`

Step 3 : Check out what happened by browsing the directory.


#####git pull : Pull = Fetch + Merge

The command `git pull` is the same as executing `git fetch` followed by `git merge`. 
Though it is not recommened for cases in which there are many branches to consider, 
the pull command is shorter and simpler than fetching and merging as it automates the branch matching. 
Specificially, to perform the same task as we did in the previous exercise, the pull command would be :

`git pull upstream`

Already up-to-date.

When there have been remote changes, the pull will apply those changes to your local branch, 
unless there are conflicts with your local changes.


#####git push : Sending Your Commits to Remote Repositories

The `git push` command pushes commits in a local working copy to a remote repository. 
The syntax is `git push [remote] [local branch]`. 
Before pushing, a developer should always pull (or fetch + merge), so that there is an 
opportunity to resolve conflicts before pushing to the remote.

#####Exercise : Push a change to github

We'll talk about conflicts later, but first, since we have no conflicts and are up to date, 
we can make a minor change and send our changes to your fork, the "origin."

`git push origin 2013-06-wise-beginners`

If you have permission to push to the upstream repository, 
sending commits to that remote is exactly analagous.

`git push upstream 2013-06-wise-beginners`

In the case of the YYYY-MM-PLACE code, new developer accounts will not allow this push to succeed. 
You're welcome to try it though.
