###Exercise: Ask students to get into groups of 3-4 and discuss:
__Ask students to recap what we've learned so far today__
__What is something new that you learned today?__
__How do these skills/tools/concepts fit into our paradigm about how to be a better scientist?__
__What barriers/problems do you see about using these new skills in your current workflow? lab? career?

__A Stack Overflow answer to why a solo data analyst should use version control__
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2712421/r-and-version-control-for-the-solo-data-analyst

###Using GitHub and RStudio
__Linking programming with version control__

https://support.rstudio.com/hc/en-us/articles/200532077-Version-Control-with-Git-and-SVN

###Getting Started

RStudio's version control features are tied to the use of Projects 
(which are a way of dividing work into multiple contexts, each with their own working directory). 
The steps required to use version control with a project vary depending on whether 
the project is new or existing as well as whether it is already under version control.

##Using a directory already under version control

If you have an existing directory which is already under Git version control 
then you simply need to create a new RStudio project for that directory and then 
version control features will be automatically enabled. To do this:

* Execute the New Project command (from the Project menu)
* Choose to create a new project from an Existing Directory
* Select the appropriate directory and then click Create Project
* A new project will be created for the directory and RStudio's version control features will then be available for that directory.

##Creating a new project based on a Git or Subversion repository

If you have an existing Git or Subversion repository that you want to use 
as the basis for an RStudio project you should:

* Execute the New Project command (from the Project menu)
* Choose to create a new project from Version Control
* Choose Git or Subversion as appropriate
* Provide the repository URL (and other appropriate options) and then click Create Project
* The remote repository will be cloned into the specified directory and RStudio's version control features will then be available for that directory.

##Adding version control to a project

If you have an existing directory that you want to add version control to, 
you should consult the documentation for Git concerning how to initialize a repository 
(both local commands as well as commands required to connect it to a remote server).

Git repositories can be created in purely local mode (if for example you want to 
track changes locally but aren't concerned with collaborating and/or syncing 
between multiple workstations). To add a git repository to an existing project:

* Execute the Project Options command (from the Project menu)
* Choose Version Control options
* Change the version control system from (None) to Git
* Confirm that you wish to initialize a new Git repository
* A Git repository will be created for the project and you'll be prompted to 
restart RStudio to enable version control features for the project.


